Update upgrading-stack-on-prem.asciidoc (#2972)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/install-upgrade/upgrading-stack-on-prem.asciidoc

[[upgrading-elastic-stack-on-prem]]
== Upgrade Elastic on self-managed infrastructure 

When you are <<upgrading-elastic-stack, prepared to upgrade>>,
you will need to upgrade each of your Elastic components individually.

. Consider closing {ml} jobs before you start the upgrade process. While {ml}
jobs can continue to run during a rolling upgrade, it increases the overhead
on the cluster during the upgrade process.

. Upgrade the components of your {stack} in this order:
+

//.. {es} Hadoop: {hadoop-ref}/install.html[install instructions]
.. {es}: <<upgrading-elasticsearch, upgrade instructions>>
.. {kib}: <<upgrading-kibana, upgrade instructions>>
//.. Java API Client: {java-api-client}/installation.html#maven[dependency configuration]
.. {ls}: {logstash-ref}/upgrading-logstash.html[upgrade instructions] (See note below)
.. {beats}: {beats-ref}/upgrading.html[upgrade instructions]
.. {agent}: {fleet-guide}/upgrade-elastic-agent.html[upgrade instructions]
.. {apm-agent}s {observability-guide}/apm-upgrade.html[upgrade instructions]

[NOTE]
--

> If you are using {ls} to extend Elastic integrations with the {logstash-ref}/plugins-filters-elastic_integration.html[`logstash-filter-elastic_integration`] plugin, upgrade {ls} (or the `logstash-filter-elastic_integration` plugin specifically) _before_ you upgrade {kib}.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are using {ls} and the {logstash-ref}/plugins-filters-elastic_integration.html[`logstash-filter-elastic_integration`] plugin to extend Elastic integrations, upgrade {ls} (or the `logstash-filter-elastic_integration` plugin specifically) _before_ you upgrade {kib}.
```

> .Additional guidance for `logstash-filter-elastic` plugin users
> ===
> If you are using {ls} to extend Elastic integrations with the `logstash-filter-elastic_integration` plugin, upgrade {ls} (or the `logstash-filter-elastic_integration` plugin specifically) _before_ you upgrade {kib}.
>  
> The {es}-{ls}-{kib} installation order for this specific plugin and use case ensures the best experience with {agent}-managed pipelines, and embeds functionality from a version of {es} Ingest Node that is compatible with the plugin version (`major`.`minor`).  
> ===

Author: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
--
If you are using {ls} to extend Elastic integrations with the {logstash-ref}/plugins-filters-elastic_integration.html[`logstash-filter-elastic_integration`] plugin, upgrade {ls} (or the `logstash-filter-elastic_integration` plugin specifically) _before_ you upgrade {kib}.
 
The {es}-{ls}-{kib} installation order for this specific plugin ensures the best experience with {agent}-managed pipelines, and embeds functionality from a version of {es} Ingest Node that is compatible with the plugin version (`major`.`minor`).  
--
```
